Slide1:
	Name
	Y-program
	Supervisor.
	Done over the summer.
Slide2:
	The outline of the presentation today.
	Short introduction to what is needed.
	Methods used in the thesis.
	Data and results.
	Conclusions.
Slide3:
	In this thesis the following was answered:
	Does the inequality posed in the article Klyachko et al [2008] cover the real
	part of the Bloch surface of a 3D quantum system when used as in Kochen
	and Specker [1967]?
Slide4:
	Null
Slide5:
	In the beginning of the 20th century, some physical phenomena could not be
	explained by classical physics, for example the ultra-violet disaster of any classical
	model of of black-body radiation, and the photoelectric effect. 

	It was these phenomena that led to the formulation of
	quantum mechanics, where energy transfer is quantized and particles can act as
	both waves and particles at the same time.\\

	The basis equation in quantum mechanics is known as Schr\"odingers equation: 
	which is a vector equation and requires the Hamiltonian for a system.
Slide6:
	From here the vector, wave-function is denoted as a state. This is known as a 
	vector in hilbert space.
Slide7:
	Notice here how spin1 systems are written. Where the a:s are coefficients.
Slide8/9:
	Blochsphere where the modulus is 1. really only used for spin 1/2. we have used for spin 1 
	with the restriction that all the coeffcients are real. They should really be complex. 
	See the figure where z is spin 1/2 -z is spin -1/2. All inbetween represented by the sphere.
Slide10:
	What is contextuality?
Slide11:
	Contextuality refers to when the result of an experiment depends on the context
	of the experiment.
	This means that the set-up of the system will influence the
	outcome of the measurements. 
	The opposite of this is of course non-contextuality where the commuting property 
	is not dependent on the experiment.
	The noncontextuality inequalities are found through the hidden variable
	schema which means that they might not hold for a quantum mechanical schema. 
	The interesting case is where the inequality is violated in a quantum mechanical
	description.
Slide12:
	The main inequality for this thesis.
Slide13:
	117 Vectors come from the Ks theorem. Using square spin componets in 3 orthogonal directions. 
	Eigenvalues are 0 or 1. By finding a set of 3D vectos obeying red=1, blue=0.
	It shall be impossible to colour each vector red or blue by using a subset containing one
	blue and two red vectors.
Slide14:
	Null.
Slide15:
	Using the vectors given from Kochen and Specker [1967], 
	which can be seen as 10 unique vectors which can be rotated to produce 117. 
	These are used to evaluate the inequality will produce quadratic forms that are 
	then drawn upon the Bloch sphere.
Slide16:
	Plotting the vectors. Pairwise orthogonal.
Slide17/18:
	Plotting the inequality.
Slide19:
	More vectors and inequalities can be created by rotating the first vectors around the x-axis and the (1,1,1)-axis.
Slide20:
	Null.
Slide21/22:
	Rotating the vectors around will produce an intersection between the inequalities, producing a band. 
Slide23:
	Skipping a few details, the whole sphere is covered, inbetween the different bands. RGB.
Slide24:
	Null.
Slide25:
	It seems that the whole sphere is covered by these inequalities, what does this mean? 
	If the whole Bloch sphere is either inside or on the border of the inequalities as seen in the, 
	this means that all possible states of a spin 1 system can be explained by quantum mechanics.
	Remember though that there were a few restrictions given.
	It is quite undeniable that a proof that the inequality covers all of the real states has been found,
	however nothing has been said about those which require a complex representation. 
	Therefore, it can be said that the non-contextual inequality given in the article Klyachko et al. [2008] 
	is violated for all of the real states that exist for a spin 1 system. 
	To say anything else would require more research.
Slide26:
	By removing the requirement that all states only should have real coefficients would open up a whole 
	new world. One would unfortunately lose the simple visualization, as was preferred in this thesis, 
	however it would give the full set of states that exist. This would not require much more than was done 
	in this thesis, simply recalculate the inequalities with complex coefficients and then in some way try to
	visualize if this covers the full set of states (Bloch sphere).

	
	As discussed previously, mostly spin $\frac{1}{2}$ systems are of interest 
	and in this thesis spin 1 systems were discussed. However there exists a whole range of spin systems, 
	almost all half integers and all integers have their own spin system in nature. Is there any schema that 
	an include these? This is an interesting question that could be seen as further research from this thesis.

	